notes.md, before:

USERS
--------------------
id  |   first_name    |   last_name   |   email                 |   password_digest
1   |   Justin        |   Curhan      |   jcurhan@gmail.com     |    *********
2   |   Leon          |   Harary      |   lharary@gmail.com     |    ****
3   |   Sagar         |   Patel       |   spatel@gmail.com      |    *********
4   |   Jeff          |   Katz        |   jkatz@gmail.com       |    ********
5   |   Ian           |   Candy       |   icandy@gmail.com      |    *******
6   |                 |               |   icandy@gmail.com      |   


GROUPS
--------------------
id    |   name          |   description                         |    exchange_date   |   max_price   |   admin_id
1     |   Flatiron      |   Junior Developer Gift Exchange      |    2016-12-15      |   50          |   4
2     |   Secret Santa  |   Friends Secret Santa                |    2016-12-15      |   100         |   1


MEMBERSHIPS(USER_GROUPS)
--------------------
id    |   user_id   |   group_id  |  receiver_id   
1     |   1         |   1         |                
2     |   2         |   1         |                
3     |   3         |   1         |                
4     |   4         |   1         |                
5     |   5         |   1         |                
6     |   1         |   2         |                
7     |   2         |   2         |                
8     |   3         |   2         |                

INVITES
id    |   email                 |   group_id  |  membership_status
1     |   lharary@gmail.com     |   1         |   f
2     |   spatel@gmail.com      |   1         |   f


TO DO

1. Validate email invitations on create in group controller
2. forgot my password
3. Button for admin to shuffle and close group
  - confirmation page for closing the group (email assignments)
4. Add more emails after group creation
5. Edit group name/description
6. paperclip gem
7. amazon products API
8. Associate
9. Group page should show all users who have accepted and awaiting acceptance
10. Remove accepted groups if blank (profile page)

**** CHANGE LINK IN EMAIL WHEN PUSHED TO HEROKU

Commit message:

Add Styling and Additional Email Support

notes.md, after:

USERS
--------------------
id  |   first_name    |   last_name   |   email                 |   password_digest
1   |   Justin        |   Curhan      |   jcurhan@gmail.com     |    *********
2   |   Leon          |   Harary      |   lharary@gmail.com     |    ****
3   |   Sagar         |   Patel       |   spatel@gmail.com      |    *********
4   |   Jeff          |   Katz        |   jkatz@gmail.com       |    ********
5   |   Ian           |   Candy       |   icandy@gmail.com      |    *******
6   |                 |               |   icandy@gmail.com      |   


GROUPS
--------------------
id    |   name          |   description                         |    exchange_date   |   max_price   |   admin_id
1     |   Flatiron      |   Junior Developer Gift Exchange      |    2016-12-15      |   50          |   4
2     |   Secret Santa  |   Friends Secret Santa                |    2016-12-15      |   100         |   1


MEMBERSHIPS(USER_GROUPS)
--------------------
id    |   user_id   |   group_id  |  receiver_id   
1     |   1         |   1         |                
2     |   2         |   1         |                
3     |   3         |   1         |                
4     |   4         |   1         |                
5     |   5         |   1         |                
6     |   1         |   2         |                
7     |   2         |   2         |                
8     |   3         |   2         |                

INVITES
id    |   email                 |   group_id  |  membership_status
1     |   lharary@gmail.com     |   1         |   f
2     |   spatel@gmail.com      |   1         |   f


TO DO

4. Add more emails after group creation
5. Edit group name/description

6. paperclip gem
7. amazon products API

11. Include Register link on login page; login page on register page

**** CHANGE LINK IN EMAIL WHEN PUSHED TO HEROKU
